I agree that it is important for college students to have apart time job. Nowadays, a large number of college students are having a part time job. Some of them hold that part time jobs can help them to adapt to the society well and give them many experiences. Take a friend of mine for example, when Lily was a college student, she went to supermarket as a promoter or went to be a family teacher every weekend. Then owing to her experiences, she quickly got a good job after graduating from university. in the other students' opinions, they think that they can buy goods they want their parents cannot afford. I know a student that he goes to a restaurant as a waiter at his part time to earn enough money what a computer needs. Thus, it is important for college students to have a part time job. However, our parents always don't agree us to get part time jobs. They are afraid that our study and safety. In my opinion, having a good part time job is good for students. We should pay attention to the advantages of part time jobs and make the most of them. Meanwhile, we should learn to get knowledge from the part time jobs and make them a helpful tool for our development.


In the last years, college students taking a part time job become very popular in the big city. Many people believe that it is important for college students to have a part time job. But I disagree with it. I have some reason to support my idea. Firstly, I hold that everyone should have the most important thing to be done in the different period. To be a student, study is the key word for us. If you cannot study well, you waste your time. Secondly, lots of students want to lessen their parents' financial burden through taking a part time job. But it has a bad effect on their study. They do not know the most important thing their parents respect is that they can learn well and live a better life after they graduate. Therefore, pay much attention on your study now. The most important thing is not to have a part time job right now, learn professional skills and practice yourself is the most serious thing in the university. If you want to earn more money, this will really help you later. So don't be influenced by others and try to keep on learning knowledge and you will succeed in the future.


Recently, there has been a discussion about whether it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are two opinions about this question. Some people think it is good to have part time job. But some other people don't think it is good to do it. I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. I have some reasons. Some people are agree with this sentence. Firstly, if they have a part time job, they can relieve their parents' burden. Besides, it also can increase their chances to practice in society. However, some people object this opinion. They claim that part time jobs will waste student's time and affect their studying. Therefore, they just need to work hard. As far as I am concerned that students should have a part time job on the basis of working selectively. For one thing, by working they can keep themselves well informed of as much knowledge as possible. For another, without selection, some working that everyone can do will waste our times. And we will learn less. Also it will make working ineffective because of we don't do the job which we should do. All in all, it is necessary that we should have a part time job and have some selection.


I agree the opinion that it is important for college students to have a part time job. I have the following reasons to explain my idea. College students need not only to learn knowledge of books, but also to practice in universities. College students have a part time job, which are interests. College students can make their knowledge learning from books practiced by home teaching, and they can get the living experience through a part time job. They can find out their shortcoming and advantages. A part time job is good for college students' growth. For example, these people's achievements that also experienced the living of a university prove that it is important for college students to have a part time job. In college age, they go through the living of a part time job, and all respects of their abilities are raised. They become more confident of themselves and they have great powers to work. So the reasons above show explain my thought. I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. That is good for the developing of college students. So if you have a chance to have a part time job, try to get it and work hard. You will get the advantages.


Today, more and more college students are taking part time jobs. It told us different people hold different viewpoints. Some people agree with the idea of topic A, which part time job is very good for college students. In my opinion, it is not so important for college students to have part time jobs. I have some reasons to prove my point. Some people think there are some advantages if students take part time jobs. They think that many students gain experience from part time job. Some people even say they can have practice some good characters. On the other hand, students can earn money from doing part time jobs. If they are from very poor family, they can reduce their family burden. But after school work has brought a lot of problems. For example, some students all the time think of their part time jobs and cannot decide study is more important now. So some students now have some problems with study and some even don't go to class on time. As for me, I think the main task of students is to study hard and learn important knowledge. They can earn money later. So college students now need to know what are more important is study.


I believe that it is important for college student to have a part time job. While we are growing up, we can look after ourselves. It was our mothers take to the beautiful world. They taught us to walk, to speak and so on. Now, it our turn to care for our parents. So part time job may be a good choice. And we work for our boss so that we get enough money. In addition, we rich our experience which can only be get from the real work environment. On the other hand, we shouldn't take much our attention on it because we now are just student not workers. And if we haven't known enough fundament acknowledge, we can't do well in our part time job. Do not forget that the study can help the work while the work can help the study. To obtain much acknowledges is the main mission of our collage student. How balance the study and the work is the challenge for our freshmen. So the plan is most important. Having a part time job in summer or winter vocation is a great idea. And we have been adults. We could make own schedule. A part time job is an important part of our college student's life!


With the more and more college students have a part time job; most of people have a question: It is important for college students to have a part time job? In my opinion, college students to have a part time job are not necessary. I can list some reasons to explain my opinion. The first, although the study of college is relaxing, but it's also need to study hard. For student, every second is important. If we have time to do part time job, why not spend these time to study knowledge?The second, most of college students don't have much social experience, they are cheated very easily. And they don't have ability to keep themselves out of danger. I think the school is very safe, if the students go out to work, I can't imagine what danger they will face with. The last but also important, nobody can guarantee the part time job will give students too much value experience. But on the other hand, it's very well for students to join the school club activity. They can chat with each other who are also students; they can spare happiness with each other's a very good thing. All above, the part time job is dangerous and unnecessary for college students. Maybe students are curious about it, they want to try it. But I think the knowledge of book is also interesting.


As we can see, having a part time job becomes more and more popular among college students. From my perspective, this phenomenon is good. It is really important for college student to have a part time job, as a part time job may let students gain more experience, can help understand the knowledge, and can let college students know how hard can we earn money. Firstly, it is important for college students to have a part time job because college students may gain plenty while working. They learn how this job goes, and they learn how to work with colleagues and their boss, and also they learn to be confident. For me, I worked for a TV program as a translator for a month, and I got those I said just now. So a part time job is really important for a college student. Secondly, it is important for college student to have a part time job because they can practice what they have learnt in college. Practicing is the only standard for testing truth, and practice more can also help your study. When I was working for the TV program, I really learnt a lot. I have to say that all the things I learnt there was really useful. So if a college student wants to gain more go and have a part time job. Lastly, it is important for college students to have a part time job because a part time job can help them establish the conception of money. They will learn soon how difficult to earn even 100, and they will understand the value of money, and furthermore, they will understand their parents. In a word, college students can grow through part time job, and they can practice more, and what is the most important, they can establish a right conception of money.


 I do not agree with this point. Maybe some people think that taking a part time job can help themselves in many respects—explore the knowledge outside the books and even gain the financial independence. Three are still other students who think that part—time jobs will have strong negative influence on study. And the work, which often makes a student under strong pressure and burden. And this will make students join fewer college activities. In my opinion, I think students should pay more attention to study than part—time jobs. And part—time job is a small cheese for students. For college students, time is very limited and valued. If students spend their limited time on part—time jobs, there is no doubt that they have less time to study. So they have little time for their college activities. If someone think part—time job will give them extra earning, I am certainly against it. College time is not a proper period to earn for students. It is a best time to learn varied knowledge. In case they gain some money now, they will lose a lot of money in future. To summa up, college students should not take part—time jobs when they study in college. Part—time jobs just make student lose their ways in heart. For students school work is more important than part—time job. Knowledge is power.


